Document Spice Runtime ODBC connection configuration (#439)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/api/odbc/index.md

:::warning[Limitations]

1. ODBC support is currently in alpha, and not all functionality is supported
1. The Arrow Flight SQL ODBC driver is not available for 32-bit Windows versions
1. The Arrow Flight SQL ODBC driver is not supported on the Apple ARM architecture

:::

## Install and configure the Flight SQL ODBC driver

### Download and install the Flight SQL ODBC driver

- Download and install the driver from the [ODBC driver download page](https://www.dremio.com/drivers/odbc/)
  - [Windows instructions](https://docs.dremio.com/current/sonar/client-applications/drivers/arrow-flight-sql-odbc-driver/#downloading-and-installing-on-windows)
  - [Linux](https://docs.dremio.com/current/sonar/client-applications/drivers/arrow-flight-sql-odbc-driver/#downloading-and-installing-on-linux)
  - [macOS instructions](https://docs.dremio.com/current/sonar/client-applications/drivers/arrow-flight-sql-odbc-driver/#downloading-and-installing-on-macos)

### Configure Flight SQL ODBC driver

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="default" label="Windows" default>
    - Open **Start Menu** -> **Windows Administrative Tools** -> click **ODBC Data Sources (64-bit)**

>     - In the **ODBC Data Source Administrator (64-bit)** dialog, click **System DSN**

Reviewer: Can we get a screenshot of the ODBC Data Source Administrator screen?

Author: Added for Windows and macOS 👍

:::note
The ODBC driver for Arrow Flight SQL does not support password-protected `.pem/.crt` files or multiple `.crt` certificates in a single `.pem/.crt` file.
:::

## Execute Test Query

Ensure Spice runtime has started:

```shell
spiced --flight 0.0.0.0:50051
```

```shell
2024-10-06T20:06:50.084017Z  INFO runtime::opentelemetry: Spice Runtime OpenTelemetry listening on 127.0.0.1:50052
2024-10-06T20:06:50.084015Z  INFO runtime::flight: Spice Runtime Flight listening on 0.0.0.0:50051
2024-10-06T20:06:50.086948Z  INFO runtime::http: Spice Runtime HTTP listening on 127.0.0.1:8090
2024-10-06T20:06:50.297512Z  INFO runtime: Initialized results cache; max size: 128.00 MiB, item ttl: 1s
2024-10-06T20:06:50.308775Z  INFO runtime: Tool [document_similarity] ready to use
2024-10-06T20:06:50.308803Z  INFO runtime: Tool [table_schema] ready to use
2024-10-06T20:06:50.308814Z  INFO runtime: Tool [sql] ready to use
2024-10-06T20:06:50.308829Z  INFO runtime: Tool [list_datasets] ready to use
2024-10-06T20:06:50.921420Z  INFO runtime: Dataset taxi_trips registered (s3://spiceai-demo-datasets/taxi_trips/2024/), results cache enabled.
```

> Configure client app to use `Arrow Flight SQL ODBC Driver` and run a sample query, such as `SELECT trip_distance, total_amount FROM taxi_trips ORDER BY trip_distance DESC LIMIT 10;`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Configure the client app to use `Arrow Flight SQL ODBC Driver` and run a sample query, such as 

```sql
SELECT trip_distance, total_amount FROM taxi_trips ORDER BY trip_distance DESC LIMIT 10;
```

````

> 

Reviewer: Should have an expected output from the example SQL

Author: I don't think we should show expected output separately as we have it on the screenshot below

---
title: 'ODBC: Open Database Connectivity'
sidebar_label: 'ODBC'

> sidebar_position: 2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sidebar_position: 4
```
